| saad

@itke 102 2#kA-BM
BoKBARA RRR

RLF FH

— Bit RS AR

: 100 748

‘2H MH WwW GEATARHE | EGA RED >

ME VAR RARE AK > ty 18 IE ER (AP) o

oH REMASRRMZLERKHEE TAR

#1 LVS: REM > TUE IER (A) o

ARM ERAS > KMREAMRKERRA

Ri ARARAZESKHSSRESRE> RM
MEMRAM SPHRZARA HARE

KR Alo

1021-2-B All RNS

BoD : BS (4722)
—. Hee (4152)
HB 1 MER 1S Mo MAL MRA> RPRA-MAELAARMG HRA? HERES
RELI EMER E SMBH > 1D: BG AGERE S KH -WEAS >
BAUERDPHE ©

yy

1. To me, Mom is the best cook in the world, for she can always turn the most common into the most
delicious food.
(A) bargains (B) ingredients (C) souvenirs (D) lullabies
2. Thanksgiving is a holiday on which family members gather together and express their for what
they have.
(A) fantasy (B) defense (C) harmony (D) gratitude
3. As soon as the baker won the prize, bread lovers to his bakery to taste the prize-winning bread.
(A) flocked (B) adjusted (C) calculated (D) disguised
4. Expensive restaurants aren’t the best. Some noodle shops in this neighborhood, for example,
provide the best beef noodles in town.
(A) annually (B) hardly (C) necessarily (D) roughly
5. With a strong will and great , he overcame all the difficulties and won the gold medal in the
marathon.
(A) exhaustion (B) determination (C) management (D) accomplishment
6. A good teacher should not only impart knowledge but also students so that they will fall in love
with learning.
(A) criticize (B) motivate (C) permit (D) tolerate
7. Worried about John’s health, we think that seeking help may be a solution to his drinking problem.
(A) superficial (B) mysterious (C) professional (D) coherent
8. When you take physical exercise, your blood circulation improves and therefore oxygen is carried more easily
and to the brain.
(A) inevitably (B) scarcely (C) extremely (D) rapidly
9. Since the Internet has become a huge part of daily life, some argue that students should have free Internet
in school.
(A) instinct (B) access (C) privilege (D) fluency
10. Ideally located on the mountaintop, the hotel magnificent views and a wide variety of indoor and
outdoor activities.
(A) confesses (B) opposes (C) invests (D) boasts
11. Some fake designer clothes are so good that people have no idea they are not buying the article.
(A) initial (B) obvious (C) genuine (D) distinct
12. Transferring to a new school can be exciting, but it usually takes some time to get to the new
environment.

(A) adapted (B) involved (C) addicted (D) infected
1021-2-2 8-3 2A

RT
13. The advertising campaign last month proved very and the sales of the new product rose
tremendously.
(A) desperate (B) profitable (C) intensive (D) adequate
14. Obesity is one of the common problems among young children, so it is advised that fatty foods be from
their diet.
(A) eliminated (B) reformed (C) convinced (D) interfered
15. After several rounds of , the two rival parties finally reached consensus on the issue.
(A) negotiations (B) distributions (C) exposures (D) appointments

— . #RABUR (5 15 2)

BH: B16 MEA 30M > AA-MER> ARLARKRMSH AMA HERAAZESR
VP MS EE | ZMSHA HID: SH KAGARELSH-MEAS > BEM
RDU

16-20 Seta

Women consistently lie on social networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter to make their lives appear

more exciting, a survey has found. _16 _ found that at least one in four women exaggerated or distorted what
they are doing on social media once a month. The survey of 2000 women found they mostly pretended to be out on
the town, __17 _ in fact they were home alone, and embellished about an exotic holiday or their jobs.

The most common reasons __18 _ women to write “fibs” included worrying their lives would seem “boring,”
jealousy at seeing other people’s more exciting posts and wanting to impress their friends and acquaintances.
Psychologists suggested that as people __19 __ to “stay connected” on social media, they can in fact “paradoxically”
be left “more isolated.” They also said that “the more we try to make our lives seem perfect, the __20 perfect we
feel.” To avoid problems, it may be easiest to just be yourself when you interact with others online.

16. (A) Nutritionists (B) Physicians (C) Researchers (D) Investigators
17. (A) which (B) for (C) when (D) however

18. (A) of (B) with (C) to (D) for

19. (A) attempt (B) attract (C) admire (D) annoy

20. (A) more (B) less (C) most (D) farther

21-25 eps elte

The London Eye is a giant Ferris wheel on the South Bank of the River Thames in London, England. Since
opening in March 2000, the London Eye has become an __21 _ landmark and a symbol of modern Britain. It is
the UK’s most popular paid for visitor attraction, visited by over 3.5 million people a year.

The Ferris wheel turns slow enough for people to __22 _ while it is moving. A complete turn takes about 30
minutes. __23 _ the construction of the glass capsules on the outer side of the rim, the passengers have a great
360° view over London. Many famous landmarks are clearly visible, _24 Buckingham Palace, St. Paul’s
Cathedral and the Houses of Parliament. On a clear day you can see as far as 40 km.

The London Eye was designed by David Marks and Julia Barfield, a husband and wife architect team. The
wheel design was used as a metaphor for the end of the 20th century, and time turning 25 _ the new
millennium. Construction of the Ferris wheel took more than a year and a half to complete.

21. (A) internal (B) iconic (C) identical (D) industrial

22. (A) crush (B) imply (C) board (D) grasp

23. (A) With respect to (B) In spite of (C) In addition to (D) On account of
24. (A) and including (B) inclusive of (C) to include (D) included

25. (A) round (B) on (C) over (D) into
1021-2-B All BSA

26-30 gfe

The Atacama Desert is about 1000 km long extending from 30°S to 20°S along the Pacific coast of South
America. There are sterile, intimidating stretches of land _ 26 rain has never been recorded, at least as long as
humans have measured it. You won’t see a blade of grass or cactus stump, not a lizard, not a gnat. But you will see
the remains of almost everything __27 _ behind. The desert may be a heartless killer, but it’s a sympathetic
conservator. Without moisture, nothing rots. Everything transforms into artifacts. Even little children.

It is a shock then to learn that more than a million people live in the Atacama today. They __28 coastal
cities, mining compounds, fishing villages, and oasis towns. International teams of astronomers on the Atacama’s
coastal range explore the cosmos __29 _ perfectly clear skies. Determined farmers in the far north grow olives,
tomatoes, and cucumbers with scarce water. In the altiplano, the descendants of the region’s pre-Columbian natives
herd Hamas and alpacas. __30_, they grow crops with water from snowmelt streams. Despite the extreme
conditions of the Atacama Desert, the inhabitants there grab every chance to thrive.

26. (A) what (B) which (C) that (D) where
27. (A) leave (B) left (C) to leave (D) is left
28. (A) carry out (B) consist of (C) crowd into (D) check in
29. (A) by (B) through (C) from (D) on

30. (A) Besides (B) However (C) Therefore (D) Instead

=. SBIR (4 102)

51:8 31 BES 40M SM-MEK: HRALEELEAMREM (A) OD) BAPTA
BkRMFA? LAE RAL FERRE RESR ES (REBARE |  ZMAHA? H
12: RB RHARERSR-WEAFS > ZGAVRPUE

The oldest person to climb Mount Everest said on May 26 that he would not try to scale the world’s highest
peak again—even though his new record may soon be in __31

“I think three times is enough,” Yuichiro Miura, who __32 __ the top of Everest at the age of 80 two weeks
ago, told reporters. “At this 33 I could not think of anything but rest.” Meanwhile, Miura’s 81-year-old rival,
Nepalese climber Min Bahadur Sherchan, was at Everest’s base camp __34___ to regain his title as the oldest to
conquer the mountain. Sherchan __35 __ the record for five years until Miura snatched the title. “I wish him best
of luck,” Miura said in Japanese, with his son Gota, 43, who climbed to the top of Everest with his father last week,
serving ashis __ 36

Miura, however, insisted that Sherchan __ 37 up any claim of scaling Everest’s peak with clear
photographs of the climber showing his face at the summit. Miura had climbed Everest in May 2008 at age 75, but
Sherchan did the same a day earlier at 76. Miura __38 __ heart surgery in January for an irregular heartbeat, or
arrhythmia, his fourth heart operation since 2007. He also broke his pelvis and __39 thigh bone in a 2009 skiing
accident. It 40 that Miura feels his health is more important than keeping his record. It is also clear that
records will continue to be broken as more people continue to climb Mount Everest with each passing year.

(A) reached (B) left (C) held (D) interpreter (E) underwent
(F) preparing (G) appears (A) jeopardy (1) back (J) point

OQ . Baa (4 32D)

0): B41 MES 56M > SMBD RRA ALEALERRMEH-WMEA? HERES
REL REMARE| o SMRHH > HID: SB AMPERES KH -WRA
BREUER HE °

ap
1021-2-B8l-BSA u ’ _

41-44 je fre

The town Kutna Hora in Czech Republic began in 1142 with the settlement of some monastery in Bohemia.
By 1260 German miners began to mine for silver in the mountain region. It then greatly advanced due to the silver
mines which gained importance during the economic boom of the 13th century.

The earliest traces of silver date back to the 10th century, when Bohemia already had been in the crossroads of
long-distance trade for many centuries. From the 13th to 16th centuries, the city competed with Prague
economically, culturally and politically. Developing with great rapidity, it was the second most important city in
Bohemia, after Prague, at the outbreak of the Hussite Wars in 1419. In 1546 the richest mine was hopelessly
flooded; the following repeated visitations of the plague and wars completed its ruin. Half-hearted attempts to
repair the ruined mines failed; the town became impoverished, and in 1770 was devastated by fire. The mines were
abandoned at the end of the 18th century.

The decline of the mining activities did not spell doom for the town, though. In 1995, the UNESCO listed Kutna
Hora as a World Heritage Site, drawing over 200,000 visitors yearly. Among many tourist attractions of the town, Sedlec
Ossuary tops the list of visitors’ favorites. It is a small Roman Catholic chapel, estimated to contain the skeletons of
between 40,000 and 70,000 people. The bones are artistically arranged to form decorations and furnishings for the chapel.
While Prague may be the best-known city, a trip to Czech is not complete without visiting Kutn4 Hora.

41. What is the passage mainly about?

(A) The many factors that caused a city’s decline.

(B) The rise and fall of a city and its main tourist attraction.

(C) The futile attempts to revive the depressed economy of an ancient city.

(D) The long way to which a city being finalized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

42. Which of the following is NOT true about Kutna Hora before the 16th century?
(A) Its silver mines were first found back in the 10th century.
(B) Its silver mines played a decisive role in the 13th century.
(C) It started with the settlement of some monks in the 12th century.
(D) It was in the crossroads of long-distance trade in the 10th century.

43. Which of the following is true about Bohemia in 1419?
(A) A devastating war finally drew to a halt.
(B) A hopeless flood claimed thousands of lives of Kutna Hora residents.
(C) Many people came down with a mysterious disease that had a high fatality rate.
(D) Kutna Hora held second place when it came to which city being the most important.

44. What makes the Sedlec Ossuary special?
(A) It is furnished and ornamented with human bones.
(B) It is a religious center as well as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
(C) The chapel looks like the shape of a human skeleton from the outside.
(D) It was built with the collective efforts of as many as 70000 silver miners.

45-48 ifs at

Grasslands are wide-open areas dominated by grasses rather than large shrubs or trees. They are located on every
continent except Antarctica. Two basic grassland types are tropical grasslands, called savannas, and temperate grasslands.

The grassland formation and preservation are largely attributed to either the forces of nature or the act of
living creatures. The seasonal drought and occasional wildfires are very important to the biodiversity in savannas
and temperate grasslands. Fires can also be caused by poachers who want to clear away dead grass to make it easier
to see their prey. In addition to humans, animal behavior is also at play. There was the case of elephants turning
dense woodland into savannas in a short period of time by eating leaves and smashing the trunks of trees.
oR 1021-2-B8| BSE

These two types of grasslands are different in several aspects. The dominant vegetation in savannas is grass
and scattered individual trees, while in temperate grasslands, trees and large shrubs are absent. Climate can also
help distinguish the two grasslands. Unlike savannas, temperate grasslands are found in less tropical areas and thus
have distinct temperature variation. It can drop to below 0 degrees Celsius in cold winters, and reach above 35
degrees Celsius in hot summers. Rainfall contributes to their differences as well. For one, the amount of rain in
savannas is more than that in temperate grasslands. For another, rainfall in savannas is more concentrated, normally
in six or eight months. In fact, concentrated rainfall is the most important factor in creating a savanna.

45. Which of the following is the LEAST likely place to find grasslands?

(A) On the Earth’s southernmost continent.
(B) In the north polar region.

(C) In Asia.
(D) In Greenland.
46. According to the passage, what are the factors that create or maintain grasslands?
(A) Fire, rainfall, and animals. (B) Animals, fire, and temperature.
(C) Soil, fire, and rainfall. (D) Rainfall, soil, and temperature.

47. According to the passage, which of the following statements about savannas and temperate grasslands is NOT true?
(A) It’s impossible to find abundant rainfall in both areas all year round.
(B) Different from savannas, temperate grasslands have freezing winters.
(C) Fires, both natural and human-caused, are vital in maintaining grasslands.
(D) You can find trees and bushes in both savannas and temperate grasslands.

48. Which of the following about grasslands is NOT mentioned in the passage?
(A) Definition. (B) Location.
(C) Benefits. (D) Climate.

49-52 jel feet
People brought up in the age of information technology are no strangers to the idea of sharing. They don’t buy
newspapers; they read news via the Internet; share them on Facebook. In the sharing economy, also known as the

collaborative consumption, people take one step further. They share, trade, rent, and swap things that people either
don’t need to own permanently or can’t afford.

Participants of the sharing economy get the same pleasures of ownership with reduced cost, and lower
environmental impact. In fact, in a sharing culture, everyone can be consumers and producers. What’s better, many
are able to make money from sharing their stuff. In addition to the money-saving benefit, people suffering from
financial difficulty also consider the trend an option for cutting costs. As a result of the financial crisis of
2007-2008, unemployment became widespread; the sharing economy therefore began to thrive. The reason behind
the rise of sharing economy, however, is not always about money. Some people believe that it helps the
environment by making more efficient use of available resources rather than making new goods.

As the sharing economy expands, it is experiencing growing pains. In a survey, respondents express concern
about theft or damage to personal property. The role of background checks, therefore, becomes crucial. Open
ratings and reviews help to build trust among the participants. For instance, staying in a stranger’s apartment in
another city seems safer when you can read comments on Facebook from previous guests.

Whether the sharing economy is a short-term fad, a movement, or a revolution is yet to be seen. Rachel
Botsman, the author of What’s Mine Is Yours: The Rise of Collaborative Consumption, predicted that the
collaborative consumption will be a fully fledged economy within the next five years. In twenty years, we probably
won’t be able to imagine a world without the sharing economy.
102 1-2-2 8) FEscSAL

y
a

Ht aH
NO
Mt

y
a

49. According to the passage, which of the following is most likely to be shared, traded, rented, or swapped?

(A) A yacht. (B) A reading lamp.
(C) An air conditioner. (D) A family pet.
50. Which of the following is NOT a contributing factor of the rise of the sharing economy?
(A) Sustainable living. (B) Income insecurity.
(C) Social networking. (D) Financial concerns.

51. What is NOT true about the sharing economy?
(A) A participant’s reputation is in no way important in a sharing culture.
(B) While the sharing economy becomes popular, it worries some participants.
(C) The new trend of economy has turned many people into part-time entrepreneurs.
(D) Having access to something is more practical than ownership from the viewpoint of sharing.

52. What is the writer’s attitude toward the sharing economy?

(A) Sympathetic. (B) Pessimistic.
(C) Hostile. (D) Hopeful.
53-56 elie

Colorful and sweet, cool and creamy—nothing tops ice cream as a treat. The origins of ice cream can be
traced back to the year 400 BC. The idea of frozen desserts is said to have begun with the Roman Emperor Nero,
who was known for his lavish banquets. He ordered ice to be brought from nearby mountains and combined with
fruit toppings. But, Nero’s ices didn’t catch on, and they were ignored after the fall of the Roman Empire. It is also
believed that the Chinese developed a dessert much closer to ice cream. The founder, King Tang, of Shang dynasty
kept 94 “ice men” on hand to lug ice to the palace to make a dish made of koumiss, flour, and camphor. Later,
around late 1200s, ice cream was likely brought from China back to Europe by Italian explorer Marco Polo. It was
also the Italians who were credited with the first European version of ice cream made with milk.

In fact, early recipes for ice cream reveal the basic principles that allow this wonderful dessert to be made. If
you were to take a container of milk and then put it in the freezer, the result wouldn’t resemble ice cream at all. It
would be a block of frozen milk, and as it melted it would be watery and full of chunky ice crystals. To keep this
from happening, the ingredients in ice cream must be frozen very quickly, and mixed during freezing.
Hand-cranked ice-cream freezers were an easier way to do this. The ingredients—cream, sugar, flavorings, and
sometimes eggs—were put in a metal pail that fit inside a larger wooden bucket. A mixture of crushed ice and rock
salt was packed in the space between the pail and the bucket. Salt has a function that it lowers the freezing
temperature of water and helps the ice cream freeze faster. Then, a paddle, fit inside the pail, was turned by a crank
to stir the ice cream while it froze.

Over time, there are other changes to the basic procedure, but people’s love to ice cream will never change.

53. From which of the following is the passage LEAST likely to be taken?

(A) An encyclopedia.

(B) A home economics project.

(C) A travel guide.

(D) A lifestyle magazine.

54. Which of the following is true about Emperor Nero?
(A) He often held feasts with great delicacies.
(B) He made ice cream with sweets and fruits.
(C) He had a sweet tooth and ate a lot of ice cream.
(D) He led his people to scoop ice out from mountains.
noe 1021-2-B All RNLSA

55. Why can’t we make ice cream simply by adding sugar to milk and then freezing the mix?
(A) Because it will turn out to be crystal clear.
(B) Because salt should also be added to the ingredients.
(C) Because mixing and freezing the ingredients should be done at the same time.
(D) Because you can never make ice cream without hand-cranked ice-cream freezers.

56. According to the passage, which of the following statements is true?
(A) Nowadays people still stick to the traditional process to make ice cream.
(B) Marco Polo created the first European version of ice cream made with milk.
(C) Hand-cranked ice-cream freezer is the best tool to mix ingredients of ice cream.
(D) Immersing ice cream mixture in a bucket of ice with salt can help freeze ice cream.

SBBlaRD : JAE (4 28 2)
— eR (5 8 2)

BU LAME PTE REE WR RH RK: EHARBA CSRS be
LARPS LPRAPFMR EMI? HED°

1. BSA ROBUTT > CMR RRS AIGA SURE ALD °
2, ESR UAE RE] DUPAGE EA] > (ECA GET EER @ BT BIG

=. BME (5 2072)
BA RRR TARA] LB-RRAELe
UXRAY 120 24] (words) °

dean + PCE ANS LUE SR PV > AES POWER MY EU > 8 Ts PS
MA chs ER

fe

zu
°

e¢e 38 32 Oo Oo Oo
